something happen in you
oh come man don't you down me Foley
oh sorry qui cut [ __ ] going on here
and mother jump out this is Ellicott
like we're still doing the scene right
now I mean your seniors about
emotionality where is it when I punch
the prima donnas who left the fridge
open Award winner critically acclaimed
Australian actor Kirk Lazarus underwent
a controversial procedure in order to
play the blue team's african-american
sergeant I know who I am
i'ma do plane to do disguises another
dude you think you can do what I do take
a picture of this
this summer I want to make this will be
right you take those boys up there put a
little trees you go home and guerilla
style we appear in the right the movie
they think they're making experience
green fart dust customer frightening
jungle isn't a movie anymore Wow
exactly
Oh baby
some of us might not make it back what
do you mean like not on the same flight
hey dude you alright
totally leaned into that bro you under
one more I'll believe you people what
what do you mean you people what do you
mean you people
for Big Thunder gonna drown just to get
a bet here no we up in a big league
that's the theme song for the Jefferson
ain't nothing wrong there you out of
your mind
what you really need just a deep song
don't make nut true
you